[Music]
ever had a day where everything seemed
to go wrong long lines that make it late
forgot your wallet when it's time to pay
your flip-flops snapped worse if it
happens when you're travelling and far
away from home so try these tips for
your next trip first don't overspend on
tickets the best time to buy them is
about seven weeks before the trip if you
miss that window you still have a chance
to save since prices can change at any
time just sign up for email alerts and
don't buy tickets for Sunday it's the
most expensive day to fly Tuesday is
best because that's when new offers
appear when you've searched for certain
tickets before travel sites save this
data and then only show you seemingly
tempting offers compared to what you saw
earlier but they're still more expensive
than they should be you can avoid this
by using incognito mode that way your
cookies are hidden from the site you're
browsing you've got the best tickets now
you're in the airport rushing to your
game when you're waiting at the security
checkpoint find the line where business
looking people are standing there
obviously more frequent travelers and
they get through security way faster
well you're on the plane and the flight
attendants seem to be ignoring you did
you book a seat in the back should of
you'll get the quickest service there
since these seats are closer to where
the cabin crew hang out in the galley
if this airline doesn't offer inflight
movies put your phone in a sandwich
baggie and close it up in the tray table
there you go quick homemade hands-free
screen you ever get dizzy during long
flights it's because the pressure makes
the blood travel away from your brain
and gather in your legs wear compression
socks to prevent this and don't forget
to pack a tennis ball in your carry-on
you can roll it under your foot or on
your back
a much needed mid-flight massage now
you've arrived at your destination
and you're looking for your luggage at
the baggage claim but all the suitcases
look the same here I'll tie a bright
yellow ribbon around the handle on yours
there don't forget to customize your
luggage with ribbons stickers colorful
duct tape anything that'll make it stand
out another thing you could do is mark
your luggage fragile when checking it in
the first place
it won't end up on the bottom of all the
other suitcases so it'll come out first
on the carousel now the best way to find
an exit in the airport or a place to eat
is to follow the flight crew those guys
surely know where it's tasty and cheap
to grab a bike and how to get out of the
building as quickly as possible just
don't look creepy as you're following
them they might get the wrong idea about
you you come out of the airport and it's
raining now all your bags are gonna get
wet well not if you pack some trash bags
you can put them around your suitcases
oh great the shuttle driver has just
informed everyone that the ride to the
hotel will be four hours long it's
perfect for a nap but it's so
uncomfortable to sleep in a bus easy
pack a pillowcase with you stuff some of
your clothes in it and now you have an
insta pillow you get to the hotel and
check in that's when the receptionist
leans in closer and whispers that has
become a problem around here recently be
careful with your stuff pause let's zoom
you back home for this tip take an empty
shampoo bottle cut a decent sized slit
in the back and put your valuables in it
if you go to the beach you can safely
leave your wallet jewelry and so on in
this shampoo bottle in the hotel shower
nobody would think to take it finally
you get to your room the flight was
rough and jetlag makes everything worse
time to go to bed
Hey stop right there as impossible as it
sounds
now's a perfect time to do some exercise
it'll help shake off all those negative
after flight effects and you won't miss
up your sleep schedule it doesn't have
to be anything intense some simple
stretching will do the trick
you know how the lights go out each time
you take your key card out of the slot
just put any other card or a piece of
paper in the slot and the power will
stay on unpacking your suitcase you find
that nearly half your clothes are soaked
in shampoo and shower gel okay we'll do
the time-travel trick again as you're
packing put a piece of plastic bag on
the bottle opening and screw the cap on
to hold it in place if you have a
garment that gets wrinkled too easily
pack it in a plastic folder you can also
fold it with a piece of tissue paper in
between each layer and a trick for
makeup lovers to keep your pressed
powder products from breaking on the way
to your destination close a cotton ball
into the compact but you my friend have
packed life because your suitcase didn't
have enough room it could have fit more
outfits in there if you'd roll your
clothes up instead of folding them you
can still do the tissue paper trick to
just roll it up in the garment to
prevent wrinkles
Doreen's gone the Sun has come out time
to hit the beach but lo and behold your
flip flops snap on the way there just
pop into a store and buy a loaf of bread
use the tie to fix your sandals grab
some lunch meat and now you have a cheap
snack while you're there you can also
use a hair tie to fix the broken strap
in place underneath after a good swim
you get back to the hotel and get ready
for a night out
only all your necklaces got tangled in
your suitcase next time hold them
through a straw before packing them it
looks funny but it's worth it
as for earrings rings and small dainty
pieces use a fill box to organize and
keep them secure in your suitcase throw
some hair ties in there to might need
one for your flip-flops right okay
now you're ready to head out if you're
looking for a top quality restaurant
look for places where the menu is short
it's the Golden Rule higher quantity
usually equals lower quality and vice
versa if the cooks are constantly making
the same few things they have to be
really good
by now ah you finished a delicious dish
and the waiter brings you the bill you
go to reach for your wallet and crate
left it in my shampoo bottle at least
you grabbed your phone and tuck some
cash into the back of the case boom
those loud tourists having the time of
their life nearby sure make it tempting
to stay out all night but if you want to
see all the famous local sights tuck in
early that way you'll be able to get up
before everyone else
so you'll beat the lines unlucky for you
it's impossible to sleep in this hotel
loud neighbours noisy streets bright
streetlights coming in through the
curtains don't go anywhere without a
sleep mask and earplugs
well the week is flown by and now it's
time to head back home you're packing
your suitcase again but what can you do
with your dirty clothes
remember that pillowcase you brought to
make a DIY pillow yep throw them in
there oh yeah and don't forget to put a
scented bar of soap in there too you'll
be glad when you open it back up once
you're home as for those dirty shoes
you've been walking around in put shower
caps on the bottom it'll keep them from
mucking up your suitcase